Use this url https://api.myjson.com/bins/adpvt to make an AJAX call to get the data.

With this data you should do the following:

Create a table with a row for each person.

Each person property should be in a different cell, except for the 'Contact info' property.

There should also be another cell which will include a button with the text 'More info'.

Everytime we click this button, you should create a Modal that will show the information on the 'Contact info' object, including the photo.

Each modal must include a button to close it and a field with 'Send an email'. If the person doesn't have an email address, instead of 'Send an email' it will show 'We don't have any contact info'. 

Also you should implement filters for the table info: Search by Name or NickName, checkboxes for the different roles and order by age ASC or DESC. The table should adapt to the new filtered information.


Terms :

No JQuery. If you use Bootstrap Modals, you can use JQuery to active them with .modal('show'), but nothing else.

You shouldn't use Bootstrap.

You should use Flexbox.

You should use Vanilla JavaScript.

No HTML, apart from the Table Headers and Modal structure.

Modals should be filled dynamically from JS, depending on the button clicked.


Interface should be 'pretty'!!

Here is a video with an example, make sure to create your own style though:

Video

https://drive.google.com/file/d/1w22aw9SgdpannLvcb2dcvusOHVbDrmMy/view?usp=sharing

P.S. The video doesn't include the filter features, but they are mandatory.

--

Decisions made:

- Considering I cannot use HTML except for the table headers, I've decided to create the checkboxes dynamically. I've created an array with all the roles, and with them I've created the checkboxes and the variables
for the eventlisteners. 

- On the other hand, I've decided to write two additional lines in HTML for the filter labels, becasue I think that creating them with JS only complicated the JS but added no extra value to the test.

- The name filter is not case sensitive. I think it's a scenario where people would prefer it that way (it's not as important as in other scenarios).